# Second Chance




Just the other night I was awakened from my sleep by some strange noise I
heard downstairs, weird to me since I lived alone in my two story
house. After a while of doubt I arose from my bed, took a deep breath
and went downstairs to investigate. I remember it well since it was a
cold night and it was raining as soft as the wind blew. I could see
now and then a few flash lights move around the rooms downstairs
while I was still only half way down. As I approached where I last
saw the lights, still not sure if it was only one or more. Well, that
doesn’t really matter anyway. The thing is that as I entered the
room, my living room to be more exact, I heard a gunshot and all I
felt was this really small sting at the back of my head. I do
remember going down to the floor but after that it was all blank from
there until a couple of days ago. I’m not really sure how much time
has passed since that happened, or anything for that matter. I don’t
even know what day or month we are in. But that doesn’t really
matter now, does it? I cant seem to move any of my body parts, but I
don’t seem to be dead yet. Since I can see some things that are
around me. Don’t know if they are real or not. What the hell, what
can I do? I guess nothing, until I figure out what has happened to
me. I do recall having lived a good life. A really nice house that
was two stories high, white as a sheet, always clean. It had this
porch that wrapped itself all around it on the bottom floor. It was
an old an old fashioned looking place. It had an English touch to it.
There are many thing I don’t recall, for instance, I don’t
remember having a job or a wife or even a girlfriend, not even if I
had a pet. But I guess it wouldn’t matter since If they cared they
would be here next to me wherever I am. I could be at a hospital or
dumped at the killers favorite dumpsite for his victims. Or I could
still be at my house rotting in my living room. Maybe I’m about to
be buried or simply my body being disposed. Really wouldn’t matter
since dead people don’t feel a thing. Well, at least that is what
they say. I guess you may be a bit curious about what I may look
like. 





I was born on June 19, 1975. I am six feet, three inches tall, dark
skin. Kinda brown.




I had black hair with thick eyebrows, black eyes with a very
penetrating stare that just reaches down to your very soul. A very
athletic body that can resist almost any type of sport. And of course
many other things with which I shall not continue to bore you with. I
just want to sat one more thing before starting to relate my story to
you. I just regret one thing about my life, and that is dying a
virgin at the age of twenty three.




It all started when I was seventeen. I fell in love with the most
beautiful girl in the world that has ever lived. She was like an
angel fallen from the skies that had lost her wings and couldn’t go
back from where she came. She taught me many things about life and
all there was to see, She was really strange for she had strange
customs to which I changed some of them, while other I just had to
grow accustomed to. It was a difficult beginning for both of us. She
wanted me to talk while I wanted her to open up more about her past.
She never revealed any of it, of course she had nothing to hide.
While I learned to communicate with her. Her name was Penneloppe
while mine, well... I don’t remember. 





After a few months things started to get better, communication started to
flow between our lines. We finally figured out what we both where.
What we wanted to be, and what we will become.




A year had passed and she decided to let me go. She never told me the
reason why she did, but she came to me, said good bye and gave me a
kiss on the forehead. And until this day I have never heard from her
again. And sometimes at nights I would sit on the front porch where
we used to spend many cozy nights just looking at the stars and would
I would imagine her coming back to me. But unfortunately, it never
happened.




After that I never cared to meet anyone, didn’t care for a new companion.
I thought it wouldn’t be fair since my heart would always belong to
her. As she used to say, all of the feeling would come from the
liver.




A couple of years has passed since I last saw her, I am still waiting
for her to come back to me and make my life nice again. Just the way
it was when she was with me. But I was losing hope for time has
passed, and age was getting to me.




One night I went to bed and arose to hear those sound I already told you
about. I guess I was killed for I am still not sure, I never did see
the persons face that had the audacity to kill me. 





As I fell to the floor, I saw once again my days as a child, but did not
see all of it. I then heard footsteps moving each time further and
further away, then a door closed and I did not hear anything after
for some time. Later in the night the rain started to ease up, and
cars rolling up to my driveway with many lights shining into my hose
that was for so long undisturbed. I guess they where officers of the
law since they had on their usual uniforms, and also all the other
things they usually have with them. I remember trying talking to
them, but without any success, I saw how they put me in the black bag
they usually put the dead people in. But before that they came to the
door and tried knocking, of course if I where not in these conditions
I would have opened the door for them. I hope they don’t  think I’m
rude  or anything for that matter. But did they really have to break
my door? My lovely and beautiful door. Anyway, its not like I’m
going to use it any time soon. They then entered, checked the whole
house, I don’t know for what, they found me after a while and I
want to hope an accidental kick in my ribs, which I think I felt. He
then put two of his fingers on my neck and then checked my wrist for
pulse. I don’t know if he felt it or not, I guess he didn’t since
he took my watch and put it in his pocket. Damn thief! Later on more
people came into my humble home, doctors and reporters, all sort of
people taking photographs of my house and me, and a whole lot more of
useless stuff they do which does not help at all. Now the sad part,
they bagged me. Everybody was so cold, not a single tear nor a simple
good bye. I was then taken to the hospital and straight to the morgue
where they decided to have a little fun with my body. I was cut
opened and examined. Every single cavity, every single inch of my
body, every single imaginable part of me was touched and cut opened,
later on I was sewn back together. All of that just to say I was
killed by a gunshot at the back of my head. I could have saved them a
hell of a lot of trouble if they would have just asked me. Never did
cross your mind, did it? I was locked up in one of them iron
boxes...they seem like freezers to me, really cold in there. I never
did care to get out. It was so peaceful in there, no more worries, no
more troubles, no more stress and no more feelings. It was like
paradise but without all of the pretty colors. I think I could have
learned to live with it, but no! They had to come and interrupt my
nice long awaited sleep. Two of the ugliest and creepiest creatures
came to me and opened the door where I was kept. Pulled my bed out
and took me away. They where two little gray men with very incredible
large heads and big eyes. Not a nose nor an ear to see, but they did
have fine black lips. Arms that where not too long nor too short,
just right for their body. What they did have where large fingers
which I guess they had a particular use for. Strange to me, all the
stories, pictures and movies I have seen of these particular aliens,
they never wore any cloths until now that I see them with my very own
eyes. I did get a close view of them, it was also the first one. At
the instant the bigger one of the two grabbed me, a big flash I saw,
and as fast as it came, it also left. And then I was no longer at the
hospital. For all I know, we could be in their ship, but I wouldn’t
know since I have never been in one. I was there lying in a room that
was all white on what seemed to be an operation table. Instruments
that where being used on me where on a table beside my face. I saw
how they cut me open from my stomach near to my thorax. It was all so
clear to me since there was a mirror right on top. Something that
hurts more than just imagining what is being done is to actually see
it. After a lot of pain and suffering, my so called pain dwellers
left the room as swiftly as they brought me here. What I still don’t
understand is how can I be seeing all of this? Was I not shot at the
back of my head and presumed to be dead? Well, something’s just
cant be explained, like for instance what’s happening to me in this
instant. Where did all this little men come from? Are they for real
or what? Am I dead or not? I would really like somebody to answer
that one for me. I wonder if others have passed throughout this? I
should start to concentrate on  how to get out of this and then I can
try to answer all of these questions. It would all be so much easier
for me. Hey, hey... guess what? the little pain dwellers are back. I
guess they are coming back for more site seeing inside of me. This
time one of them approached me and started to talk to me in my
language. GreetingZ big one, we mean you no harm. Sorry to say little
man, but you are too late for that! Let me explain what we did to
you. You where already dead. All of the things you saw after you
where shot is because the brain does not cease to function for three
weeks after your heart stops pumping blood. Your medicine declares
you legally dead once there is no more brain activity. But your
technology is not as advanced as ours and can not see what we do.
Once this occurs, you lose all feeling in your body, smell and some
other abilities like being able to move around freely as you usually
do. Sometimes you can still hear your surroundings and at most see.
What we do is try to repair what ceased to function and what was
damaged. You should be able to re assume your normal activities in a
couple of days. 





And what if I don’t want to live? You have no choice once its given to
you. And you only have one chance. If you die again, we wont revive
you.




So, what am I supposed to do for you? Nothing yet, we only gave you a
second chance at life. Use it wisely!




So what now? Back home? Everyone there thinks I’m dead. Exactly! If
you look up to the mirror you shall notice that we took the liberty
of giving you a new face. A new life and a new beginning.




What for? I never wanted all of that. I was quite fine the way I lived...




Enough! Your time here has just expired. We are going to send you back now.
Farewell and good luck big one.




Oh no! Back at my place. Not that I’m complaining or anything, its
just that its a real mess after the incident here. Don’t know how
long ago that was. Don’t know what I should do wither. Oh my love.
Where are you? What have I done to deserve you leaving me? I guess
there is only one thing I can do.




First I must go upstairs. A second chance! For what? Now where did I put it
now? Must be... yes!!! Here it is. Thank you my little pain dwellers
for what you have done. But next time ask, OK? Here it goes into my
mouth, a little bit higher now. Now to pull the trigger and say good
bye.




Foolish, we gave him a second chance at life and he wasted it. What for? Why?
Oh well, there will be others better than him that will be able to
handle the pressure. Just a waste of time, we will have to start all
over again. How long do you think it will take you to prepare the
next one dear Penneloppe?




I would say a year.


 
